feat: updated miscellaneous documentation (#51)
godot-escoria/escoria-docs: getting_started/escoria_nodes.rst

Common Escoria Nodes
====================

To make games in Escoria it's handy to understand the relationship between
Godot's Scenes and nodes. These are documented here
https://docs.godotengine.org/en/stable/getting_started/step_by_step/nodes_and_scenes.html#nodes

Every location the game character can go to in the game will be its own Godot

> scene, and each of these scenes is referred to as a Escoria `room`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
scene, and each of these scenes is referred to as an Escoria `room`.
```

An Escoria `room` might be a bedroom or bathroom, but might also be the

> roadway on a bridge, or a forrest clearing. All the objects in the room

Reviewer: ```suggestion
roadway on a bridge or a forrest clearing. All the objects in the room
```

are Godot nodes.

There are several different types of Godot nodes. Their names and a brief
overview of their uses is detailed below. For further information on each
configurable parameter for each node, what it is and what it is used for,
see the associated API page.

.. hint::

    Where an API page says `Extends: <sometype>`, this means that the
    particular Escoria node has inherited all the features of the node type
    "sometype" and builds on them. Any additional features it has will be
    described in the "Property Description" of the node on the API page.)

>     For example, ESCRoom `Extends: Node2D`. This means it has all of Node2D's

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    For example, `ESCRoom` `extends Node2D`. This means it has all of Node2D's
```

    features, like a "position" and a "scale". The API page also tells you
    in its "Property Description" that it has (among other things) an
    associated "player_scene" and "camera_limits" which can be configured.

Most node types referenced in the API are intended to be used internally by
Escoria. The ones of most use to game makers are :

> ESCRoom

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`ESCRoom`
```

~~~~~~~

> An ESCRoom is the root node of your room scene. This is responsible for telling

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An `ESCRoom` is the root node of your room scene. This is responsible for telling
```

Escoria which character you'll control in the room, the script to use to
configure the room before use, and the area of the room the camera is allowed
to see.

.. _`ESCRoom`: https://docs.escoria-framework.org/en/devel/api/ESCRoom.html

> ESCItem

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`ESCItem`
```

~~~~~~~

> An ESCitem is an object that the player can interact with in some way, a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An `ESCitem` is an object that the player can interact with in some way, a
```

window or a phone for example. You associate an Escoria script with the item
to tell Escoria what to do when the player interacts with the object (what

> happens when they "look at" or "use" the object for example.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
happens when they "look at" or "use" the object, for example).
```

> An ESCItem is accessible in Escoria scripts by the name provided in the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An `ESCItem` is accessible in Escoria scripts by the name provided in the
```

`Global ID` field. This name should be unique to your whole game.

You will typically assign a few child nodes to each ESCItem.

> * Sprite / Animated Sprite : This is an image of the object that will be

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `Sprite` / `Animated Sprite` : This is an image of the object that will be
```

  displayed on the screen for the player.

> * CollisionPolygon2D : This is a shape that tells Escoria when the mouse is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `CollisionPolygon2D` : This is a shape that tells Escoria when the mouse is
```

>   over the object. Set this up to cover the Sprite.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  over the object. Set this up to cover the `Sprite`.
```

* ESCLocation : If you make an ESCLocation the child of an ESCItem, when you
  interact with the item, the character will automatically walk to this
  position to perform the interaction. eg. place an ESCLocation underneath a
  "window" ESCItem and the player will walk to the window when you "look" at

>   it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `ESCLocation` : If you make an `ESCLocation` the child of an `ESCItem`, when you
  interact with the item the character will automatically walk to this
  position to perform the interaction, eg. place an `ESCLocation` underneath a
  "window" `ESCItem` and the player will walk to the window when you "look" at
  it.
```

Author: We need to stop rather than pause before the "e.g.", the sentence is too long otherwise.
What about this?
```suggestion
* `ESCLocation` : If you make an `ESCLocation` the child of an `ESCItem`, when you
  interact with the item the character will automatically walk to this
  position to perform the interaction. As an example, place an `ESCLocation` 
  underneath a "window" `ESCItem` and the player will walk to the window 
  when you "look" at it.
```

Reviewer: Works for me!

.. _`ESCItem`: https://docs.escoria-framework.org/en/devel/api/ESCItem.html#

ESCBackground
~~~~~~~~~~~~~

This is the background image for your room. ESCItems will be drawn over the
top of this. Assign the background image for the room to the ESCBackground's

> "texture"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`ESCBackground`
~~~~~~~~~~~~~

This is the background image for your room. `ESCItem`s will be drawn over the
top of this. Assign the background image for the room to the `ESCBackground`'s
"texture"
```

.. _`ESCBackground`: https://docs.escoria-framework.org/en/devel/api/ESCBackground.html

ESCTerrain
~~~~~~~~~~

> An ESCTerrain tells Escoria where in the scene the character is allowed to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`ESCTerrain`
~~~~~~~~~~

An `ESCTerrain` tells Escoria where in the scene the character is allowed to
```

walk. When clicking within the game window, the character will automatically
walk to the clicked spot (or as close to it as it can) while staying
within the terrain.

The game allows for multiple terrains to be configured, but only one can be
active at a time. A good use for multiple terrains would be a hallway with a
closed door in the middle. The initial terrain would cover the floor on the
side of the hallway where the player currently stood up to the doorway. This

> would allow them to walk up to the door, but not pass through or beyond it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
would allow the player to walk up to the door, but not pass through or
beyond it.
```

A second terrain would include the area covered by the inital terrain, as well
as the floor through the doorway and the far side of the hallway.

> In your script attached to the door ESCItem, when the player
> opened the door, you'd disable the first terrain and enable the second,
> allowing the game character to walk through the entire hallway.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the script attached to the door `ESCItem`, when the player
opens the door, you would disable the first terrain and enable the
second, allowing the game character to walk through the entire
hallway.
```

Terrains are a `NavigationPolygonInstance` node and are referenced in code by
their name rather than a `Global ID`.

.. _`ESCTerrain`: https://docs.escoria-framework.org/en/devel/api/ESCTerrain.html

> ESCLocation
> ~~~~~~~~~~~
> 
> An ESCLocation is a location within your game that the character will walk to
> under certain conditions.
> 
> * You may use a scripted `walk` command to force the character to walk to a
>   certain location. This is handy for cutscenes as part of telling your game's
>   story.
> * If the ESCLocation is a child of an ESCItem, the character will automatically
>   walk to the location when you interact with the item.
> * If you call an ESCLocation "player_start", Escoria will automatically place
>   the player there when it loads a room (unless otherwise instructed by the
>   script attached to the ESCRoom).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`ESCLocation`
~~~~~~~~~~~

An `ESCLocation` is a location within your game that the character will walk to
under certain conditions.

* You may use a scripted `walk` command to force the character to walk to a
  certain location. This is handy for cutscenes as part of telling your game's
  story.
* If the `ESCLocation` is a child of an `ESCItem`, the character will automatically
  walk to the location when you interact with the item.
* If you call an `ESCLocation` "player_start", Escoria will automatically place
  the player there when it loads a room (unless otherwise instructed by the
  script attached to the `ESCRoom`).
```

.. _`ESCLocation`: https://docs.escoria-framework.org/en/devel/api/ESCLocation.html

> ESCExit
> ~~~~~~~
> 
> 
> An "exit" to your room (i.e. the method by which your player moves from one
> ESCRoom to the next) can be made by enabling the "Is Exit" option on an
> ESCItem. This however requires an associated script to be created and attached
> telling Escoria how to interact with the ESCItem (exit).
> 
> For an exit that is just an exit and doesn't require any scripting, use an
> ESCExit. All that it requires to be configured to make it work are the
> “target_scene” to change to, and optionally, a “switch sound” (the sound to
> play when changing rooms).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`ESCExit`
~~~~~~~

An "exit" to your room (i.e. the method by which your player moves from one
`ESCRoom` to the next) can be made by enabling the "Is Exit" option on an
`ESCItem`. This, however, requires an associated script to be created and attached
telling Escoria how to interact with the `ESCItem` (exit).

For an exit that is just an exit and doesn't require any scripting, use an
`ESCExit`. All that it requires to be configured to make it work are the
“target_scene” to change to and, optionally, a “switch sound” (the sound to
play when changing rooms).
```
